son is a witch or not first throw her
into the well
then pour water into the well flooding
her bringing her back when she was about
to die
if she died that meant she's not guilty
if she woke up then
that meant she's a witch because witches
couldn't drown
this unfortunate woman coughed heavily
and suddenly woke up
after that she was executed like a witch
she wore a retro dress the man squeezed
her waist from behind
the dress was so nice but it was a
poisonous dress
soon the venom would enter her skin
poisoning her
the fbi found her body the body was
placed upright on the ground
the hands are placed on the waist the
round eyes the face was covered with a
thick white background
this was the second body found in recent
days the first body was in an abandoned
mental hospital
same beautiful dress same pose same
weird makeup
forensic doctors discovered their skirts
were laced with nicotine the dead person
wore this dress
the toxin slowly entered the skin would
be poisoned alive in less than an hour
there was still a lot of lime on the
nails of those who have died their feet
have been soaked in water for a long
time
detectives speculated that the murderer
carried out a series of detentions and
tortures of the dead the police
confirmed the identify of the body
she found out her name was familiar
seeing she saw it in somewhere
she suddenly remembered that in the
first there was a lot of graffiti on the
walls of the mental hospital one of the
graffiti happened to be the name of the
deceased number three
there are also the names and time of
disappearance of the other two women
obviously this was a death list the
murderer had killed three people
and there was one corpse missing the
doctor found out that
these dates to coincide with the date of
satan's death the number 11 at the end
was a symbol of satan the killer was
probably performing some kind of
sacrificial ritual
in addition the iron bed was so heavy
the killer was able to pull the bed from
the utility room to the middle of the
room
the killer clearly was a strong man but
the strange thing was
the old taylor said that both dresses
were made by a little girl
the hair pins on the head are messy
apparently she often wanders
agents suspect this is a gang crime they
quickly expanded to investigate
the killer was probably an adult male
about 25 years old with a girl beside
him helping him sew dresses
this woman could be forced the murderer
does not kill for sexual desire but to
satisfy his own fantasies
the murderer lived in his subtle fantasy
world he could claim to be the spokesman
of the devil
to sacrifice these women to satan and
used poison dress to kill in the
dramatic way
like an opera plot and there happened to
be a theater near the second death
the killer may be familiar with opera or
influenced by an opera fan
a girl carefully asked her brother when
she could came back to school
she didn't want it to so dress anymore
the brother said
no have you forgotten your family duties
and there are a lot of demons out there
if you go out something will happen at
the same time
the brother was very miserable the
sister grew up how he could
protect his sister from the devil's
temptation he heard a sound
if you want to save the one you love you
have to strike first
the doctor studied the makeup of the
dead in the middle ages
white makeup was a symbol of virginity
and purity which was not related to
satan
also the corpse had been soaked in water
for a long time
which reminded the doctor of a medieval
method of determining witchcraft which
was to throw the suspected woman in the
water
if she's drown she's not a witch if she
alive
that means she's a witch and then accept
the next round of punishment
therefore the murderer didn't sacrifice
for satan but the witch
he threw the bodies of these women to
warn the devil not to harm the world
again
that day the brother excitedly held his
sister's hand
he said he had found one last twitch we
are about to complete our mission
he took his sister to the well carrying
the woman out of the well
but this time the woman remained
motionless she died the younger sister
shouted
you killed the wrong person i want to
call the police the man was also very
confused how he could wrong
he swore to his sister that he would
find the last twitch complete the family
mission
mary found clues along with the costume
she found in the theater near the
abandoned house the second scene
there were some clothes that very
similar to the clothes of the dead
the clothes in this theater were made by
a woman and this woman was in a mental
hospital
it's the number one death scene and
found the woman's file she used to be an
opera actress
that took a drug overdose during her
pregnancy that drove her crazy
she said that the actresses in the cast
were the devil's wives so she stabbed
one of the cast members
she even cut off her daughter's arm she
felt that this might prevent her
daughter from being tempted by the devil
but there was a fire in the mental
hospital 10 years ago
the mad woman was burned to death so who
is taking over her mantle now
the doctor guessed the killer could be
child because mental illness can be
inherited
this was called dual psychosis even
fantasy content was consistent
mary quickly circled the two of them
john and jane
the two of them were the children of
that crazy woman it turned out that john
had been influenced by his mother since
childhood
father said there are terrible demons in
this world
unstable women will trade with the devil
and become witches and mom and hear
god's chosen exorcists
they are supposed to protect ignorant
people protect them from demons
get rid of those fallen witches but just
now john killed an innocent woman
he was so sad at this time his mom
appeared she comforted john
even the white knights also have the
dark moments my son
heroes of different duras i certainly
there is a last twitch
killer in the hallucination john painted
a portrait of the last witch
this was how he found the murder target
but this time
john was stunned the painting shows a
woman with a broken arm
is this my younger sister john
reluctantly sees a poisonous dress for
his sister
the younger sister please i swear i'm
not one of them
please don't do it i'm going to die john
you know when the fbi came
jane was tied to the window she sweated
a lot and didn't stop coughing
had been poisoned for a while and
quickly removed jane's poison dress
and found a dead woman on the stairs
white face
retro skirt looked like this was the
third corpse to disappear
and nick was attacked by jon in the
basement john accidentally fell into the
well during the fight
that is also his karma in the end jane
escaped death through those dresses in
the box
she wanted to start a new life at this
moment
the doorbell rang and she went to open
the door a man dressed in black holding
a skull stick smiled and extended his
hand towards her
it's time to come with me after
hesitating for a moment
jane raised her hand but is someone at
the door
this is clearly jane's imagination she
is also mentally ill
maybe all this is not over yet